Point out that the payload size could decrease (#3424)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-transport.md

Even though a sender is encouraged to assemble frames containing up-to-date
information every time it sends a packet, it is not forbidden to retransmit

> copies of frames from lost packets.  A sender which retransmits copies of frames

Reviewer: ```suggestion
copies of frames from lost packets.  A sender that retransmits copies of frames
```

CMOS

> must deal with decreases in available payload size due to change in packet

Reviewer 2: Lowercase `must` makes me read this oddly, how about: 
```suggestion
needs to handle decreases in available payload size due to change in packet
```

> number length, connection ID length, and Path MTU.  A receiver MUST accept

Reviewer: ```suggestion
number length, connection ID length, and path MTU.  A receiver MUST accept
```

packets containing an outdated frame, such as a MAX_DATA frame carrying a
smaller maximum data than one found in an older packet.

> 

Reviewer 3: I don't understand this text: I can see old data arriving in new packets and you can't generally which is the latest valid, except when you can, such as MAX_DATA. You don't want to accept old MAX_DATA frames (or at least not change behaviour based on it).
